Part I
make a directory called first
mkdir first

change directory to the first folder
cd first

create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt

change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv person.txt another.txt

make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt

remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt

make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cp -r first second

delete the second folder
rmdir second


Part II
What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
Opens the manual pages/documentation for a UNIX command. Scroll up and down with the mouse or arrow keys, e or y, q to exit.

Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
-l flag lists in a long format. -a includes directory entries whose name begins with a dot (.)

Type the following command to download and save the contents of google.com: curl https://www.google.com > google.html
Use less to look at the contents of google.html.
Look at the man page for less. Read the section on /pattern. Search for the text hplogo in the google.html file.

How do you jump between words in the terminal?
^Left or ^Right
How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
^E
How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
^A

How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
^W

What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
A terminal is a wrapper program that runs a shell where you can enter commands to the shell. A shell is the program that processes 
commands and returns output. 

What is an absolute path?
The exact path of a particular directory starting from the root (/)

What is an relative path?
A shortcut path that is relative to where you are in the directory. 

What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
A modifier to commands that changes the behavior of the command. ls -a rm -rf cp -r 

What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
rm -r removes the file hierachy rooted in the file argument passed. Used to delete directories with sub files and folders.
-f is force, removes without prompting for confirmation regardless of file permissions.